refactoring beagle-helpers (#716)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/ios/beagle-helpers/beagle-defaults.md

---
title: Beagle Defaults
weight: 17

> description: 'This framework provides default implementations of a Network client, Cache control and Logger that can be easily embedded and used in your Beagle project.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'This framework provides default implementation of network client, cache control and logger. That implementation is easily embedded and used in your Beagle project.'
```

---

---

![Cocoapods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/BeagleDefaults?label=Beagle-Defaults)
![Cocoapods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Beagle?label=Beagle)

### Topics covered
<hr>

> * What is?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* What is it?
```

Author: That was a major flaw in my english haha

* Installation

### Requirements
<hr>

* Cocoapods installed.

**It's recommended for more advanced users of Beagle.**

> ### What is?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is it?
```

<hr>

> It's a lib that contains default implementations of a Network layer, Cache manager and Log system. It can be used by Beagle users that do not want to implement this layers from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a lib that contains default implementations of network layer, cache management and log system. It can be used by Beagle users that do not want to implement these layers from scratch.
```

### Installation
<hr>

You can add this as a dependency via CocoaPods.

```ruby
target 'MyApp' do
  pod 'BeagleDefaults'
end
```

> After adding BeagleDefaults as a dependency in your project, you can use all the default implementations in your `Beagle.dependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding BeagleDefaults as a dependency in your project, you can use all the default implementation in your `Beagle.dependencies`.
```

> All implementations can be changed up to your preferences. It's still not recommended to use this implementations without checking your product guidelines of security, cache management and log system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All implementation can be changed up to your preferences. It's still not recommended to use mentioned implementation without checking your product' security guidelines, its cache management and log system.
```

<hr>

> ##### For more on Beagle: Please check our [Beagle](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### More about Beagle: https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle
```

> ##### For more on Beagle-Scaffold: Please check our [Beagle-Scaffold]({{< ref path="/get-started/using-beagle-helpers/ios/beagle-scaffold" lang="en" >}}) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### More about Beagle-Scaffold: check out our [Beagle-Scaffold]({{< ref path="/get-started/using-beagle-helpers/ios/beagle-scaffold" lang="en" >}}) documentation.
```
